I want to ask you to kill me.
Kill what?
Who do you want to kill?
I haven't even thought about it.
Your Majesty, don't blame me for being cruel.
I have no mother's house.
You can only rely on this method to scare those bad guys.
Don't worry, Your Majesty.
I want to kill the damn man who works for the tiger.
Okay.
You can't be soft-hearted after this.
I...
It gives you the right to kill.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Didn't take it.
Go.
The two ladies invited.
Master
It's been half a month, and the emperor didn't say to lift your detention.
Princess
Oh.
The princess has been released.
A long time ago, the North Dai general of the town was instrumental in fighting piracy.
Your Majesty will naturally give the North General some thin face.
Let the princess go.
But you're the Queen Mother's niece.
Is the Queen in the palace now?
This one.
Queen Mother Prays at Long Tuong Temple
The old man talked a lot.
I don t even know what the first one is.
Everywhere against the palace.
What connection could there be?
It's just a little sparrow who wants to be a phoenix.
She didn't want to please the emperor.
What are you doing here?
Looking for the alliance's sister?
My sister remembers.
Your Majesty gave Miao Tzu the authority to kill.
If that bitch doesn't kill you, she'll kill me.
Let's get together soon.
Deal with her.
Deal with the most beloved wife of the saint today.
It's not easy.
My sister remembers.
Half a month ago the emperor called Miao Tu Hy something
If there is no Jubilee here
I will die at the hands of these two men.
Hi.
The late queen's granddaughter is also known as Jubilee.
not odd